README.md, before:

# AQUARIUS SDK for .NET 

[![aquarius-sdk MyGet Build Status](https://www.myget.org/BuildSource/Badge/aquarius-sdk?identifier=5e7ad6e4-fa42-468c-abb3-7f26d7380aed)](https://www.myget.org/)

The **AQUARIUS SDK for .NET** enables .NET developers to easily work with the [AQUARIUS Platform](http://aquaticinformatics.com/products/) of environmental monitoring products.

![AQUARIUS Platform](images/aquatic-informatics.png)

* [AQUARIUS Time-Series](http://aquaticinformatics.com/products/aquarius-time-series/)
* [AQUARIUS Samples](http://aquaticinformatics.com/products/aquarius-samples/) (coming soon!)
* [AQUARIUS WebPortal](http://aquaticinformatics.com/products/aquarius-webportal/) (coming soon!)

## Downloading

[![Download on NuGet](images/installfromnuget.png)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Aquarius.SDK/)

## Getting Help

TBD

## Examples

TBD

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome, no matter how large or small. Before contributing, please read the [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

See [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Updated Readme link to Wiki

README.md, after:

# AQUARIUS SDK for .NET 

[![aquarius-sdk MyGet Build Status](https://www.myget.org/BuildSource/Badge/aquarius-sdk?identifier=5e7ad6e4-fa42-468c-abb3-7f26d7380aed)](https://www.myget.org/)

The **AQUARIUS SDK for .NET** enables .NET developers to easily work with the [AQUARIUS Platform](http://aquaticinformatics.com/products/) of environmental monitoring products.

![AQUARIUS Platform](images/aquatic-informatics.png)

* [AQUARIUS Time-Series](http://aquaticinformatics.com/products/aquarius-time-series/)
* [AQUARIUS Samples](http://aquaticinformatics.com/products/aquarius-samples/) (coming soon!)
* [AQUARIUS WebPortal](http://aquaticinformatics.com/products/aquarius-webportal/) (coming soon!)

## Downloading

[![Download on NuGet](images/installfromnuget.png)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Aquarius.SDK/)

## Getting Help

See the [Wiki](https://github.com/AquaticInformatics/aquarius-sdk-net/wiki) for basic SDK concepts and examples.

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome, no matter how large or small. Before contributing, please read the [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

See [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md).
